fix validate for version in layout (#416)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * Fixed the **validate** command on the layout files to check both version fields are -1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in the **validate** command where layouts version was not checked correctly.
```
